Let's get started with
AI platform notebooks. From within the GCP console,
let's click the navigation menu and scroll down to artificial intelligence. Under artificial intelligence, you'll see
the AI platform label, and then notebooks. Click notebooks. From within the screen,
we can create a new instance for a VM, which will allow us to enter
the Notebook environment. Let's click new instance. And when you do so,
you get a set of options. These are a set of options in terms
of the kind of development framework you want to work in. You'll see machine learning frameworks
such as Tensorflow and Pytorch. Let's go ahead and
use Tensorflow version one without GPUs. You get a window which allows you
to change the name of the instance, gives you some details on the
configuration, and also an estimated cost. So let's click create. This takes about two to
three minutes to create, so we won't have you wait through all that. Now that our virtual machine
has been instantiated, we can begin working within
our AI platform notebooks. Click the link that says OPEN_JUPYTERLAB. JupyterLab is an open-source
version of Jupyter Notebooks, and it allows us to run our
Jupyter Notebooks on the cloud. Let's create a new notebook by
clicking the tab that says Python 3. Now we have a new notebook environment. Within our new notebook environment,
we get get a number of cells. We can start with one cell and
then add in basic operations. We can do math, 1 plus 1 and
we get our output here. You see in one cell we have the code and
then our output on the other line. We can instantiate variables,
x equals 1 plus 3. And then if we type the name of the
variable alone in a code cell and run it with shift enter, we can see the output of
that, what is contained in that variable. We can also choose to add some description
of what we're doing in this code. So, for instance, if I click this
drop-down and select mark down, I now have a plaintext cell in
which to give some descriptions. This is an example of a Python notebook. This is written in
the Markdown markup language. So I could add some kinds of formatting. For instance, if I put a hash mark and
then add heading, this is a large heading. So you can see how this is a really
powerful way in which we can mix code and some plain text explanation of
what we're doing in the code within a single document. In the labs, you're going to see ways
of how we get to do this in action, how this can interoperate
with Big Query and how we can use ML APIs within
this notebook environment.