Have you used Google Docs? How is it different from documents
edited in a desktop editor? Have you filed taxes online? How is the experience different from
doing your taxes in a desktop program? There's lots of benefits, but
one key aspect is collaboration. You don't have to email documents back and
forth. Imagine you start doing
scientific research. Collaborating on a single
result would be painful. You'd write some code and create a graph, then you would do
the snapshot, create an image file, put it in a doc, create a PDF, and
then you'd send it to your collaborator. A few hours later, your colleague
would say, it looks great, but could you add one more year's data? It looks kind of sparse. And you'd go through
the process all over again. Why? Because the PDF you sent wasn't editable. Round trips take a long time. Enter Python notebooks. You write the code, create the graph,
write some commentary, and send the notebook link to your colleague. This way when the colleague wants to add
one more year of data, they would simply edit the cell, look at the new graph and
say, see, it looks a lot better. And that's great. And now you have a better notebook for
the next step. One problem with traditional notebooks, who runs the server
that hosts these pages? Whose machine? If it's yours and your machine goes to
sleep, then your colleague can't work. When your AI platform notebook
is hosted in the cloud, you can fell together quite easily. And just as Google docs are available
even when your computer isn't on, so too AI platform notebooks when
you run them in the cloud. To share a notebook within the project, other users can simply connect to
the VM and work using the URL. Another way to share notebooks is through
a version control system, for example GIT. Cloud also frees you from being
constrained by hardware limitations. Not only can you run AI platform notebooks
on any compute engine machine you want, you can also change the machine
specs after it's been provisioned. You can go to the web console,
find the running VM, stop it and restart it with a new
machine configuration. To work on AI platform notebooks, you simply connect to the VM that's
running the notebook server. Notebooks themselves can
be persistent in GIT so you can delete the VM if
you don't need it anymore. When you run the notebook,
the computation is carried out on the VM.